.TH XTRACER 2 "December 2010" UNIX "User Manuals"
.SH NAME 
xtracer
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B xtracer [
.I option
]... 
.B file
.SH DESCRIPTION
A basic raytracer.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "-version"
Outputs the program version information and exits.
.IP "-help"
Outputs basic usage information and exits.
.IP "-threads %i"
Sets the number of threads that will be spawned. 
A value of 0 lets the system decide.
.IP "-res %ix%i"
Sets the output buffer resolution.
.IP "-rdepth %i"
Sets the maximum recursion depth.
.IP "-s_global"
Sets the number of samples for s_dof, s_light, s_refl.
.IP "-s_dof %i"
Sets the number of dof samples.
.IP "-s_light %i"
Sets the number of samples for area lights.
.IP "-s_refl %i"
Sets the number of samples for specular reflections.
.IP "-aa %i"
Enables antialiasing (supersampling). %i must be 1 or greater.
.IP "-resume %s"
Resumes rendering of the given file.
.IP "-region %ix%i:%ix%i"
Restricts rendering to the given area.
.IP "-cam %s"
Sets the active camera.
.IP "-outdrv %s"
Sets the output driver to use. Available drivers are: ppm, dum.
.IP "-outdir %s"
Sets the output directory.
.IP "-gi %i:%i:%ix%f"
Sets up the photon mapping step. The first number sets the total ammount of photons.
The second defines the maximum number of samples per pixel, the third number sets the
maximum sampling radius per pixel and the last number is the photon power multiplier.
.IP "-giviz"
The output is calculated by sampling the photon map and direct illumination is ignored.
.IP "-octree_depth %i"
Maximum depth for octree generation.
.IP "-octree_ipn %i"
Maximum number of items per octree node.
.IP "-mod %s"
Forces a scene modifier. Modifiers are expressed in the form group.subgroup.*.property:value.
.SH DRIVERS
.IP "ppm"
Exports the framebuffer to a ppm image file.
.IP "nul"
Performs all the computation without exporting anything. Used for benchmarking.
.RE
.SH AUTHOR
."BR bar (1)"
Written by Nikos Papadopoulos <nikpapas at gmail dot com>

